In this lesson, we saw a good example of how algorithms are often cascaded together.
We typically have some algorithms that operate on the raw data and produce
a set of more meaningful and versus how metrics.
These metrics can be inputs into various higher level algorithms that might tell us
something about the underlying physiology of where their health or their disease states.
This allows us to independently iterate on different parts of the stack.
Presumably, making the underlying algorithms more
accurate will improve the higher level algorithms.
But this is not always the case,
it's important to remember that any change made in
the lower-level algorithm will have downstream effects that we need to keep track of.
We also saw how it's extremely important to have
a solid understanding of the physiological processes that generate our signal,
as this can have a profound impact on how we design our algorithm.